Writing Mate is a tool to help writers catch basic stylistic errors in their work, such as the use of weak vocabulary and 
filler words, that would be tedious and time-consuming to catch otherwise. It does not automatically correct these potential 
errors, however, since it is important to allow writers to retain control over their work; rather, the app simply offers 
suggestions that writers can choose to either use or disregard. This app does not deal with spelling errors or grammatical 
errors, since most word processing programs already have those capabilities, and instead focuses on the stylistic errors 
that can be harder to detect but can make writing truly great.


The project is located in ~/workspace/project, which has two more folders within it, called templates and uploads and the 
following files are necessary for this app to run:


Located in /project/templates:
	apology.html 
	index1.html
	suggestions.html


Located in /project:
	application.py
	commonwords.txt
	requirements.txt


Furthermore, all of the items in requirements.txt need to be installed; this can be done by running :

    pip install --user -r requirements.txt
    
in the terminal while within the project directory.


The uploads folder is initially empty, but it needs to exist so that uploaded files can be saved there.


Then, start flask, also making sure that you are in the project directory, by running the command:


flask run


Once flask has been started, you will be able to access Writing Mate through the web server of the IDE. From there, in order 
to use the app, using the “Upload file” button, you will need to upload a file from your computer that you want to check for 
errors to the web site. This file needs to be a text file. A sample text file named “test.txt” has been provided in the 
project directory for testing purposes, but you will need to download this file to your own computer in order to upload it 
to the server. Once you have chosen a file to upload, click the “Next” button to get to the suggested edits! If no text file 
has been provided, an error page will be shown. 